{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Helvetica;}}
\f0\fs34\b Bookmark Express \'97 Privacy Policy\b0\par
\fs22\i Last updated: July 4, 2026\i0\par
\par
\fs24 Bookmark Express is a browser extension that lets you search and open your Chrome bookmarks. Protecting your privacy is simple here, because the extension does not collect, transmit, sell, or share any of your data.\par
\par
\fs28\b What the extension accesses\b0\par
\fs24\par
{\pntext\f0 \'b7\tab}\b Your bookmarks.\b0  The extension reads your Chrome bookmarks locally in order to search them and open them. Your bookmarks never leave your device and are never sent to us or to any third party.\par
{\pntext\f0 \'b7\tab}\b A local usage count.\b0  To rank the bookmarks you open most often near the top of the results, the extension keeps a count of how many times you have opened each bookmark from the extension. This count is stored locally on your device using Chrome's storage API and is never transmitted anywhere.\par
{\pntext\f0 \'b7\tab}\b Favicons.\b0  The extension displays each bookmarked site's icon using Chrome's built-in favicon service. No browsing data is sent to us in the process.\par
\par
\fs28\b What the extension does NOT do\b0\par
\fs24\par
{\pntext\f0 \'b7\tab}It does not collect or store any personally identifiable information.\par
{\pntext\f0 \'b7\tab}It does not transmit any data off your device.\par
{\pntext\f0 \'b7\tab}It does not use analytics, tracking, or advertising.\par
{\pntext\f0 \'b7\tab}It does not run any remote or externally hosted code.\par
{\pntext\f0 \'b7\tab}It does not sell or share data with third parties.\par
\par
\fs28\b Data retention and removal\b0\par
\fs24\par
All data the extension stores (the per-bookmark usage counts) lives only in your browser's local storage. Removing the extension deletes this data.\par
\par
\fs28\b Contact\b0\par
\fs24\par
Questions about this policy? Email ac3charland@gmail.com.\par
}
